README.md, before:

# ox-policy-settings-updater

Enable bulk updating across all policies of all new &amp; old issues settings
for a given Application Id.

## Prerequisites

[Deno installed](https://docs.deno.com/runtime/getting_started/installation/)

## Usage

Have your [OX Token](#getting-your-ox-token) and
[Application Id](#getting-the-application-id) ready and run:

`deno run -A ox-policy-settings-updater.ts`

The script is preset to enable "monitor" status on _all_ policies, for both old
and new issues, for the given application.

To change the presets, update the `policySettingsInput` constant in the `main()`
function (starting at about line 205).

##### Getting your OX Token

Login to the [OX Dashboard](https://app.ox.security) and bring up your browser's
Developer Tools (usually `ctrl-shift-I` or `cmd-opt-I` depending on your
platform).

From there, go to the "Network" tab and filter the traffic for
`api.cloud.ox.security` (refresh the page if necessary) and from the Request
Headers, pull the Authorization Bearer Token (it'll start with "ey", base64
encoding for "{" which all JWTs start with).

##### Getting the Application Id

Of course there's an API way, but for simplicity, try this browser-based method.
Navigate to the application, select it, and in your location bar, note the query
parameter `appId` . For instance,
`https://app.ox.security/applications?appId=353737035`. Selecting a different
row will update which application is highlighted and therefore which appId is
referenced in the URL's query parameter.

Commit message:

adding additional materials and usage guidance

README.md, after:

# ox-policy-settings-updater

Enable bulk updating across all policies of all new &amp; old issues settings
for a given Application Id.

## Prerequisites

[Deno installed](https://docs.deno.com/runtime/getting_started/installation/)

## Usage

Have your [OX Token](#getting-your-ox-token) and
[Application Id](#getting-the-application-id) ready and run:

`deno run -A ox-policy-settings-updater.ts`

The script is preset to enable "monitor" status on _all_ policies, for both old
and new issues, for the given application.

To change the presets, update the `policySettingsInput` constant in the `main()`
function (starting at about line 205).

## Additional materials
The JSON files are included as a convenience to understand the bare APIs being
used. Load the query and variables into your chosen GraphQL capable client, along
with an authorization token and appId, and submit them to the 
`https://api.cloud.ox.security/api/policy-service` endpoint.

##### Getting your OX Token

Login to the [OX Dashboard](https://app.ox.security) and bring up your browser's
Developer Tools (usually `ctrl-shift-I` or `cmd-opt-I` depending on your
platform).

From there, go to the "Network" tab and filter the traffic for
`api.cloud.ox.security` (refresh the page if necessary) and from the Request
Headers, pull the Authorization Bearer Token (it'll start with "ey", base64
encoding for "{" which all JWTs start with).

##### Getting the Application Id

Of course there's an API way, but for simplicity, try this browser-based method.
Navigate to the application, select it, and in your location bar, note the query
parameter `appId` . For instance,
`https://app.ox.security/applications?appId=353737035`. Selecting a different
row will update which application is highlighted and therefore which appId is
referenced in the URL's query parameter.
